BIDS Steering Group meeting: executive summary, action items, minutes #3 (#111)
bids-standard/bids-website: _posts/2020-03-30-Steering-Group-executive-summary,-action-items,-and-minutes.md

---
title: Steering Group executive summary, action items, and minutes
author: Franklin Feingold
display: true
---

# Steering Group executive summary, action items, and minutes

Date: Monday March 23, 2020

> 

Reviewer: no more "attended" lines?

Reviewer 2: Franklin and I discussed (shortly following the online meeting, for which I was too late due to the change in daylight savings time) that it is not needed to add this to the online minutes. We do plan to keep it in the detailed (and more messy) agenda+notes+minutes on google doc. If you or people from the @steering team feel different about this, please let us know.

Reviewer 2: Sorry André, in case you happen to look here. I incorrectly used the "steering" mention, which caused you to be included instead of our BIDS steering group team. I have now edited the message.

Reviewer: okay, I was just asking for consistency reasons :-) OK from my side to have this in the more detailed/messy notes only

<!--more-->

### Executive Summary

We discussed how to move forward with implementing the author lists on [Zenodo](https://zenodo.org/record/3686062){:target="_blank"} from our pdf specification. We want to provide guidance on how we landed on our decision: a single author “BIDS Contributing Group”. This will be opened as a proposal with a request for comments (RFC) on the [BIDS-Specification repository](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification){:target="_blank"}. This is important to deploy with the community’s approval. This may give way for a stronger contributor tracking system.

We clarified the format and points for the monthly Maintainers update. This should be less than 1 page and keep a high level view of BIDS. The executive summary must include: achievements, struggles, next month aims, blockers or steering group help. The update may also link to issues with a 1 sentence narrative. Keeping in mind the purpose of the update from the Steering Group’s perspective: knowing the hard parts or blockers and capture the work needed to maintain BIDS.

> We invited the [ASL BEP](https://docs.google.com/document/d/15tnn5F10KpgHypaQJNNGiNKsni9035GtDqJzWqkkP6c/edit#heading=h.prrzvwchfio6){:target="_blank"} leads to the next Steering Group meeting.

Reviewer: I recommend to use the following URL style for BEPs:
```suggestion
We invited the [ASL BEP](https://bids.neuroimaging.io/bep005){:target="_blank"} leads to the next Steering Group meeting.
```

Reviewer: try it, it works :) --> https://bids.neuroimaging.io/bep005

the benefit is, that it'll be more stable, because we can manage where it is pointing to from https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-website/tree/gh-pages/_bep_collection

Author: yep just tested all looks good!
